Improve Tokens & NFT 2.0 Standard Section (#287)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/nft-2.0/introduction.md

:::

## Introduction  

The current standards representing fungible and non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are limiting the NFTs and token industry as they lack standardization and many powering features.

> The lack of standardization can be seen by having each NFT or token standard implementing function names differently, which leads to have contracts supporting hundred of non-interoperable functions.

Reviewer: Great to mention about non-interroperability. I think it's important and not mentioned enough 👍 

I am suggesting a bit of rewording + extra additions.

```suggestion
The lack of standardization can be seen through each NFT or token standard implementing its own interface with its own function names. This leads to having multiple token contracts deployed on networks, implementing different interfaces, and being non-interoperable between each other.
```
